Now that you've got a local blockchain,
let's connect to it using Web3.
Once you do, you'll be able to read data from it the
same as you did with the main and test networks before.
On top of that, you'll be able to make transactions between your accounts to
test out your new ideas without worrying about the amount of Ether you spent.
The process is almost exactly like what we did before,
but we'll be changing our URL to the one Ganache
provides rather than the one given by Infura.
So, hopefully this feels familiar,
but I'll walk you through the full process to help you get through it.
First, I'll make a project folder and change into it.
From there, I'll initialize npm.
This time I'll add -y so that I don't need to run through all those questions again.
I'll only need the defaults for now,
and adding this -y accepts all the defaults for me.
Next, I'll install Web3 as a dependency.
Open node in your terminal.
From here, I just need to make the connection to Web3 like before.
The difference is I'll set the URL equal to the one provided by Ganache.
To open the graphic user interface,
just click on the app and it will load up.
To open the CLI, go to a separate terminal window and type ganache-cli.
Once it's running, I'll go back to my main terminal.
First, set a variable Web3 equal to requiring Web3.
Next, go get the URL to connect to.
In the Ganache graphic user interface,
you'll see that the connection is ending in 7545,
but that in the CLI, it's ending in 8545.
Whichever version you decide on,
just make sure you're connected to the right URL as shown here.
To make the connection, I'll say var Web3 equals new Web3 followed by my URL.
You can set the URL equal to a variable and then pass that in like we did before,
but this is fine too.
So, if this worked out right,
you're now connected to your local blockchain from Web3.
To check, you can call Web3 and you should see something like this.
That's just some data about your connection
similar to when you connect it to the main network.
That's great, but it's more fun to read
some useful data from the blockchain you're connected to.
To start, you can list all of the accounts using
the getAccounts function from the web3.eth module.
I'll do that then use.then to console.log their results just like before.
There's the 10 accounts I have on my local blockchain.
You can check to make sure.
This first account it returns is the same as the one in my graphic user interface,
and the rest are the same too.
Perfect. If you made it this far,
you're now connected to your graphic user interface or
CLI version of the blockchain using Web3.